style: apply /style-guide pass to models/registry (#2721)
wandb/docs: models/registry/organize-with-tags.mdx

title: Organize versions with tags
---

Tags help you organize and find collections or artifact versions within a registry. Unlike aliases, tags are flexible labels that can be shared across multiple versions or collections, which makes them useful for grouping related items and for search.

This page shows how to add, modify, view, and remove tags on a collection or artifact version using either the W&B App UI or the W&B Python SDK.

<Note>
**When to use a tag versus using an alias**

Use aliases when you need to reference a specific artifact version uniquely. For example, use an alias such as 'production' or 'latest' to ensure that `artifact_name:alias` always points to a single, specific version.

Use tags when you want more flexibility for grouping or searching. Tags are ideal when multiple versions or collections can share the same label, and you don't need the guarantee that only one version is associated with a specific identifier.
</Note>

## Add a tag to a collection

> Tagging a collection makes it easier to group related collections and to find them later through search. Use the W&B App UI or Python SDK to add a tag to a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the W&B App or Python SDK to add a tag to a collection.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```python
import wandb

COLLECTION_TYPE = "[COLLECTION-TYPE]"
REGISTRY_NAME = "[REGISTRY-NAME]"

> COLLECTION_NAME = "[COLLECTION-NAME]"

Reviewer: see prev comment

Author: Converted the code-sample placeholders to `<lowercase>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Update tags that belong to a collection 

> When you need to change a collection's existing tags, you can update them programmatically by either reassigning or mutating the `tags` attribute. W&B recommends that you reassign the `tags` attribute rather than mutate it in place, which is also a common Python best practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update a tag programmatically by reassigning the `tags` attribute or mutating it in place. W&B recommends reassigning the `tags` attribute because it follows Python best practices.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## View tags that belong to a collection

> Reviewing a collection's tags helps you confirm how it has been organized and labeled. Use the W&B App UI to view the tags added to a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the W&B App to view the tags added to a collection.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Remove a tag from a collection

> Remove a tag when it no longer applies to a collection or when you want to reorganize how collections are grouped. Use the W&B App UI to remove a tag from a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the W&B App to remove a tag from a collection.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Add a tag to an artifact version

> You can also tag individual artifact versions within a collection. This makes it easier to label versions with status indicators such as `staging` or `experimental` and to locate them later. Add a tag to an artifact version that is linked to a collection with the W&B App UI or with the Python SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also tag individual artifact versions within a collection. Add a tag to an artifact version that is linked to a collection with the W&B App or with the Python SDK.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

<Tabs>
<Tab title="W&B App">

> Use the W&B App UI to add a tag to an artifact version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the W&B App to add a tag to an artifact version:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion; also aligned the parallel collection-tab lead-in above to "W&B App".

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

</Tab>
<Tab title="Python SDK">
Fetch the artifact version you want to add or update a tag on. After you have the artifact version, access the artifact object's `tags` attribute to add or modify tags on that artifact. Pass in one or more tags as a list to the artifact's `tags` attribute. 

Like other artifacts, you can fetch an artifact from W&B without creating a run, or you can create a run and fetch the artifact within that run. In either case, call the artifact object's `save` method to update the artifact on the W&B servers.

Copy and paste one of the following code cells to add or modify an artifact version's tag. Replace values enclosed in `<>` with your own values.

The following code snippet shows how to fetch an artifact and add a tag without creating a new run:
```python title="Add a tag to an artifact version without creating a new run"
import wandb

> ARTIFACT_TYPE = "<type>"

Reviewer 2: More angle brackets in this block and the one starting at line 165.

Author: Done — reverted the code-sample placeholders to `[UPPERCASE-HYPHENATED]` per @johndmulhausen's call as repo owner. (This reverses the angle-bracket form ngrayluna requested on this PR; flagged for them in a summary comment.)

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```python title="Add a tag to an artifact version during a run"
import wandb

REGISTRY_NAME = "[REGISTRY-NAME]"
COLLECTION_NAME = "[COLLECTION-NAME]"
VERSION = "[ARTIFACT-VERSION]"

> with wandb.init(entity = "[ENTITY]", project="[PROJECT]") as run:

Reviewer: see prev comment

Author: Converted the code-sample placeholders to `<lowercase>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## View tags that belong to an artifact version

View the tags that belong to an artifact version linked to a registry with the W&B App UI or with the Python SDK. 

<Tabs>

> <Tab title="W&B App">

Reviewer 2: Did we decide to update these to W&B UI?

Author: Done — changed the "W&B App"/"W&B App UI" references in these pages to "W&B UI" per @johndmulhausen's ruling, keeping the Registry-specific "W&B Registry UI" you confirmed.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

> Reviewing an artifact version's tags helps you confirm its labels and intended use. View the tags that belong to an artifact version linked to a registry with the W&B App UI or with the Python SDK. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the tags that belong to an artifact version linked to a registry with the W&B App UI or with the Python SDK. 
```

Author: Applied your suggestion verbatim (kept "W&B App UI" as you wrote it; note it differs from "W&B App" used elsewhere — part of the naming decision still to settle).

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

> Use the W&B App UI to view the tags that belong to an artifact version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the W&B App to view the tags that belong to an artifact version:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

</Frame>
</Tab>
<Tab title="Python SDK">
Fetch the artifact version to view its tags. After you have the artifact version, view tags that belong to that artifact through the artifact object's `tags` attribute.

Like other artifacts, you can fetch an artifact from W&B without creating a run, or you can create a run and fetch the artifact within that run.

Copy and paste one of the following code cells to add or modify an artifact version's tag. Replace the bracketed placeholders with your own values.

The following code snippet shows how to fetch and view an artifact version's tags without creating a new run:

```python title="Add a tag to an artifact version without creating a new run"
import wandb

ARTIFACT_TYPE = "[TYPE]"
REGISTRY_NAME = "[REGISTRY-NAME]"
COLLECTION_NAME = "[COLLECTION-NAME]"

> VERSION = "[ARTIFACT-VERSION]"

Reviewer: see prev comment

Author: Converted the code-sample placeholders to `<lowercase>`; also fixed `type = artifact_type` → `type = ARTIFACT_TYPE` (the lowercase name was undefined).

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

</Frame>
</Tab>
<Tab title="Python SDK">
Fetch the artifact version to view its tags. After you have the artifact version, view tags that belong to that artifact through the artifact object's `tags` attribute.

Like other artifacts, you can fetch an artifact from W&B without creating a run, or you can create a run and fetch the artifact within that run.

Copy and paste one of the following code cells to add or modify an artifact version's tag. Replace values enclosed in `<>` with your own values.

The following code snippet shows how to fetch and view an artifact version's tags without creating a new run:

```python title="Add a tag to an artifact version without creating a new run"
import wandb

> ARTIFACT_TYPE = "<type>"

Reviewer 2: More angle brackets

Author: Done — reverted the code-sample placeholders to `[UPPERCASE-HYPHENATED]` per @johndmulhausen's call as repo owner. (This reverses the angle-bracket form ngrayluna requested on this PR; flagged for them in a summary comment.)

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```python title="Add a tag to an artifact version during a run"
import wandb

REGISTRY_NAME = "[REGISTRY-NAME]"
COLLECTION_NAME = "[COLLECTION-NAME]"
VERSION = "[ARTIFACT-VERSION]"

> with wandb.init(entity = "[ENTITY]", project="[PROJECT]") as run:

Reviewer: see prev comment

Author: Converted the code-sample placeholders to `<lowercase>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```python title="Add a tag to an artifact version during a run"
import wandb

> REGISTRY_NAME = "<registry-name>"

Reviewer 2: More angle brackets

Author: Done — reverted the code-sample placeholders to `[UPPERCASE-HYPHENATED]` per @johndmulhausen's call as repo owner. (This reverses the angle-bracket form ngrayluna requested on this PR; flagged for them in a summary comment.)

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Remove a tag from an artifact version

> Remove a tag from an artifact version when the tag no longer applies. Use the W&B App UI to remove a tag from an artifact version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove a tag from an artifact version when the tag no longer applies. Use the W&B App to remove a tag from an artifact version:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

1. Navigate to the [W&B Registry](https://wandb.ai/registry).
2. Click on a registry card.
3. Click **View details** next to the name of the collection you want to add a tag to.
4. Scroll down to **Versions**.
5. Click **View** next to an artifact version.
6. Within the **Version** tab, hover your mouse over the name of the tag.
7. Click on the cancel button (**X** icon).

{/* ## Search existing tags

> After you've added tags, you can use them to quickly find collections and artifact versions. Use the W&B App UI to search existing tags across collections and artifact versions:

Reviewer: Don't modify hidden comments

Author: Reverted the hidden comment to its original text ("Use the W&B App UI to search existing tags in collections and artifact versions:").

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Find artifact versions with a specific tag

> When you want to programmatically locate every artifact version that shares a set of tags, use the W&B Python SDK. This is useful for building automation around tagged versions, such as promoting all versions tagged `ready-for-review`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the W&B Python SDK to programmatically locate every artifact version that shares a set of tags.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```python
import wandb

api = wandb.Api()
tagged_artifact_versions = api.artifacts(

>     type_name = "<artifact-type>",

Reviewer 2: More angle brackets

Author: Done — reverted the code-sample placeholders to `[UPPERCASE-HYPHENATED]` per @johndmulhausen's call as repo owner. (This reverses the angle-bracket form ngrayluna requested on this PR; flagged for them in a summary comment.)

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

    name = "[ARTIFACT-NAME]",

>     tags = ["[TAG-1]", "[TAG-2]"]

Reviewer: see prev comment

Author: Converted the query placeholders to `<lowercase>`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_
